Hello World!
============

Hi! My name is Andreas, I am from Germany. Let me share a few words about what
happened so far...

.. more::

I have begun to dive into programming (again) around 2014. I had already
programmed since I was a kid. I got my first computer, a Commodore Plus/4,
which I programmed in Basic and a bit in 6502 assembly language, later at
school I learned Turbo Pascal, then at the
university I attended some introductory CS classes about Modula-2. Later I also
learned to write simulations with the old object-oriented language SIMULA, and
I learned C on my own to write some physics simulations. That was it, then I
basically dropped out of programming altogether because there was no need for
it at work, and I did not spend my leisure time on it either. That was in the
early 2000's.

About 10 years later, in 2014, I learned that there were inexpensive small
computers called Raspberry Pi that were intended to be used for small
electronics projects. That reminded me of a toy project that I did with a
friend in school, and I decided to get a RPi and pick up where I had left quite
a while ago.

When I got myself a thick book about the RPi, I first got in contact with
Python, and I decided to learn some Python. (Too bad for my electronics
endeavour, but ok...c'est la vie. I am easily distracted.)

After spending some time (3-4 years) learning Python, I developed an interest
for hacking and cyber security, worked through Harvard University's phantastic
introductory CS class CS50x, where C, Python, HTML, Javascript, SQL, and web
apps were taught. That was a great class, I recommend it highly!

Lately, I have started to learn Go, and I have come to the conclusion that even
the best Udemy courses become boring after a while, therefore I have started to
play Capture the Flag (CTF) contests now. After the first three beginner CTFs,
I have the impression that they are indeed as effective as many say.

In this blog, I will write about all the stuff that I learn along the way, be
it Python, Go, C, frontend stuff, electronics, networks, hacking, or CTF
writeups, not to forget Linux and vim!

I am happy to hear from you if you have any comments or suggestions, or if you
find that I have made a mistake somewhere.

Happy reading!

.. author:: default
.. categories:: none
.. tags:: none
.. comments::
